README.md, before:

![Qode](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118408070-1047a080-b684-11eb-913d-4b40105bf91b.png)

*-- Imagine the scenario --\
Your friend asks you for help in finding a bug in his code - he sends it to you via communicator or SMS. This is very bothersome because all the lines are slurring, the code is unreadable and the syntax is not colored. Thanks to Qode, you won't have to reply to him "Sorry, I don't have access to a computer, another time"!*

Qode is an innovative application that allows you to quickly send and check the programming code, transferred in the form of a QR code. Thanks to this, you do not have to wonder where you are and what you are doing - this great application will always be with you when you have your iPhone or iPad with you!

## Download
![Qode - App Store](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118408099-30775f80-b684-11eb-85bd-7289017caff6.png)
Qode is available on the AppStore - you can try it out yourself.
To download it, click on the link below.\
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/qode-developers-qr-codes/id1567530993

## Features
- **Generator**\
The generator is used to write programming code which can then be converted into a QR code. It is characterized by the fact that it automatically colors the syntax as you type - all thanks to Highlightr. The syntax highlighting is dependent on the selected language, which can be selected with the button in the NavigationBar. After pressing the generate button, the application opens ViewController with a QR code that can be shared using the share button.

- **Scanner**\
The scanner is used to scan QR codes. The user is presented with a preview window that has a designated scan area. After the code has been scanned, a window with the scanned programming code is displayed. This works much like a generator, but the code cannot be edited. This is to serve as a preview because a generator is used to edit the code. However, the user can copy all the code and make changes, and then share the corrected code in the GeneratorViewController.

- **Settings**\
Qode allows you to personalize your application, i.e. themes, accent color, default programming language, and color of the scan field.

- **Dark mode supported**\
Because who doesn't like the dark mode?

- **Languages available**\
Qode currently supports such languages as Polish and English.

## Tech
- UIKit
- UserDefaults
- Highlightr
- IQKeyboardManager
- CoreImage

## Informations
- The project is ended but will be further developed.
- Currently, Qode supports such languages as English (U.S.) and Polish). 
- Please, if you want to use my app, consider buying it on the AppStore. Of course, theoretically, you can build it by yourself by copying the repository and building the app in Xcode, but please, do it only for testing (when you are not sure about buying). Thanks in advance!

## Gallery
Menu | Generator
|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|
![MenuView](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118403469-bb4d5f80-b66e-11eb-8b5b-054b0cd5e66f.png)  |  ![GeneratorView](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118403472-c0121380-b66e-11eb-9548-f39ecbc80aa7.png)
**Output** | **Scanner**
![CodeOutputView](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118403473-c0aaaa00-b66e-11eb-97eb-a83e9bbfdf08.png) | ![ScannerView](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118403474-c1434080-b66e-11eb-93c0-6d49d67e19e8.png)
**Settings** | **Light Mode**
![SettingsView](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118403475-c1dbd700-b66e-11eb-8fb5-19dba8d87e93.png) | ![Light Mode](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118403476-c1dbd700-b66e-11eb-9f08-6c07b70b7c36.png)

Commit message:

Qode for macOS and refactoring
- Unfinished (for now) - I upload it as a backup.
- To do: make preferences and fix TextView, which is buggy and has sizing problems.

README.md, after:

![Qode](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118408070-1047a080-b684-11eb-913d-4b40105bf91b.png)

*-- Imagine the scenario --\
Your friend asks you for help in finding a bug in his code - he sends it to you via communicator or SMS. This is very bothersome because all the lines are slurring, the code is unreadable and the syntax is not colored. Thanks to Qode, you won't have to reply to him "Sorry, I don't have access to a computer, another time"!*

Qode is an innovative application that allows you to quickly send and check the programming code, transferred in the form of a QR code. Thanks to this, you do not have to wonder where you are and what you are doing - this great application will always be with you when you have your iPhone or iPad with you!

## Download
![Qode - App Store](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118408099-30775f80-b684-11eb-85bd-7289017caff6.png)
Qode is available on the AppStore - you can try it out yourself.
To download it, click on the link below.\
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/qode-developers-qr-codes/id1567530993

## Features
- **Generator**\
The generator is used to write programming code which can then be converted into a QR code. It is characterized by the fact that it automatically colors the syntax as you type - all thanks to Highlightr. The syntax highlighting is dependent on the selected language, which can be selected with the button in the NavigationBar. After pressing the generate button, the application opens ViewController with a QR code that can be shared using the share button.

- **Scanner**\
The scanner is used to scan QR codes. The user is presented with a preview window that has a designated scan area. After the code has been scanned, a window with the scanned programming code is displayed. This works much like a generator, but the code cannot be edited. This is to serve as a preview because a generator is used to edit the code. However, the user can copy all the code and make changes, and then share the corrected code in the GeneratorViewController.

- **Settings**\
Qode allows you to personalize your application, i.e. themes, accent color, default programming language, and color of the scan field.

- **Dark mode supported**\
Because who doesn't like the dark mode?

- **Languages available**\
Qode currently supports such languages as Polish and English.

## Tech
- UIKit
- UserDefaults
- Highlightr
- IQKeyboardManager
- CoreImage

## Informations
- The project is ended but will be further developed.
- Currently, Qode supports such languages as English (U.S.) and Polish). 
- Please, if you want to use my app, consider buying it on the AppStore.

## Versions
### v1.1:
- New layout.
- New Features:
    - A code reader that allows you to read QR codes with a programming code from an image uploaded from the gallery. the highlighted code is displayed below the QR code.
    - Saved codes, i.e. the ability to save QR codes (and their content) in a special section, which can be accessed through the main menu. The codes are saved (at the moment) only on the device that is used.
- Changed the color of the title in the scanner view - now it's always white.
- New section in the settings - application version.

### v1.0:
Initial commit.

## Gallery
Menu | Generator
|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|
![MenuView](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118403469-bb4d5f80-b66e-11eb-8b5b-054b0cd5e66f.png)  |  ![GeneratorView](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118403472-c0121380-b66e-11eb-9548-f39ecbc80aa7.png)
**Output** | **Scanner**
![CodeOutputView](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118403473-c0aaaa00-b66e-11eb-97eb-a83e9bbfdf08.png) | ![ScannerView](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118403474-c1434080-b66e-11eb-93c0-6d49d67e19e8.png)
**Settings** | **Light Mode**
![SettingsView](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118403475-c1dbd700-b66e-11eb-8fb5-19dba8d87e93.png) | ![Light Mode](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41966757/118403476-c1dbd700-b66e-11eb-9f08-6c07b70b7c36.png)
